Add JENKINS-37862 to the 2.190.1 upgrade guide (#2475)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/_data/upgrades/2-190-1.adoc

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: Useless empty lines?

Author: ```suggestion
```

> ==== Jenkins no longer creates symbolic links inside project or build directories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Jenkins no longer creates symbolic links inside project or build directories
```

> There were a lot of bugs and limitations with use of symbolic links for build directories, especially on platforms like Windows.

Reviewer: Can we provide some references here? Do we want to?

Author: There is a JIRA link with more context, should be enough

> There were a lot of bugs and limitations with use of symbolink links for build directories, especially on platforms like Windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There were a lot of bugs and limitations with use of symbolic links for build directories, especially on platforms like Windows.
```

Are there other _platforms like Windows_, except Windows?

> This functionality was not widely used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, this functionality was not widely used.
```

> Starting from Jenkins LTS 2.190.1 Jenkins no longer creates symbolic links inside project or build directories.

Reviewer: > Starting from Jenkins LTS 2.190.1

This might be considered redundant, given that this is in the 2.190.1 upgrade guide section. Unsure.

> This functionality was not used widely, and starting from Jenkins LTS 2.190.1 Jenkins does not longer create symbolink links inside project or build directories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This functionality was not widely used.

Starting from Jenkins LTS 2.190.1 Jenkins no longer creates symbolic links inside project or build directories.
```
